Add API documentation to Konnect (#4633)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/api/identity-management/identity-integration.md

---

> title: End to End Identity Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: End-to-End Identity Integration
```

content-type: how-to
---

## Create a custom team

> Custom Teams serve as a primary way for organizations to provision access of users to different entities in the organization. Custom teams are used to mirror the organizational structure in an organization, any user who is a member of a custom team will inherit all of the roles of this team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom teams serve as a primary way for organizations to provision access of users to different entities in the organization. Custom teams are used to mirror the organizational structure in an organization, any user who is a member of a custom team will inherit all of the roles of this team.
```

> You will need to authenticate with the API, for information about authentication read the [API authentication](/konnect/api/index/#authentication) instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must authenticate with the API, for information about authentication read the [API authentication](/konnect/api/index/#authentication) instructions.
```
I feel like the "why" is missing here, ex. why do you need to authenticate with the API? Is this just so custom teams work?

Reviewer: Or this feels like a prereq, so maybe make a Prereq section with this in it?

Create a custom team by sending a `POST` request containing the `name` and `description` of your team in the response body: 
```
curl --request POST \
  --url https://global.api.konghq.tech/v2/teams \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
  "name": "IDM - Developers",
  "description": "The Identity Management (IDM) team."}'
```

You will receive a `200` response code, and a response body containing information about your team: 

```
{
"id": "a1d5c35a-3c71-4d95-ae4b-438fa9bd1059",
"name": "IDM - Developers",
"description": "The Identity Management (IDM) team.",
"system_team": false,
"created_at": "2022-10-25T16:39:27Z",
"updated_at": "2022-10-25T16:39:27Z"
}
```

Save the `id` value, so that you can reference this team throughout the guide.

### Assign a role to a custom team

> In order for a custom team to be useful, roles must be assigned to the team. All custom teams start with 0 roles and each role must be added to the team in order for members of the team to inherit the roles. Roles define a set of permissions or actions that a user is allowed to perform on a {{site.konnect_short_name}} entity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must assign roles to a custom team to use the team. Roles define a set of permissions or actions that a user is allowed to perform on a {{site.konnect_short_name}} entity. All custom teams start with no roles and each role must be added to the team for members of the team to inherit the roles. 
```

> 1. Obtain a list of available roles by issuing a `GET` a request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Obtain a list of available roles by issuing a `GET` request:
```

>         curl --request GET \
>         --url https://global.api.konghq.tech/v2/roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
        curl --request GET \
        --url https://global.api.konghq.tech/v2/roles
```
```
I think this was missing a code block

   The response body will contain a list of available roles: 

    ```
    {
	"analytics": {
		"name": "Analytics",
		"roles": {
			"analytics_admin": {
				"name": "Analytics Admin",
				"description": "Allows users to view, create, modify, and delete all content in Konnect Analytics."
			},
			"analytics_viewer": {
				"name": "Analytics Viewer",
				"description": "Allows users to view all but not modify any content in Konnect Analytics."
			}
		}
	}
    ```

2. Assign a role to a team by issuing  a `POST` request:
    
    The request should contain the `id` as a parameter in the URL. This request requires a JSON response body that contains `role`, `entity_id`, `entity_type`, and `entity_region`. 

        curl --request POST \
        --url https://global.api.konghq.tech/v2/teams/TEAM_ID/assigned-roles \
        --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
        --data '{
        "role": "analytics_viewer",
        "entity_id": "e67490ce-44dc-4cbd-b65e-b52c746fc26a",
        "entity_type": "runtime_groups",
        "entity_region": "eu"

>         }'

Reviewer: This also looks like it's missing a code block, but it looks like it's rendered correctly in the output, so I'm confused

>     If the information in the request was correct, the response body will return a `200`, and the `id` value for the new role. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the information in the request was correct, the response body will return a `200` and the `id` value for the new role. 
```

    {:.note}
    > `entity_id` can be found in the {{site.konnect_short_name}} in the **Runtime Instances** section. 

## Assign a user to a custom team

> In order for a user to access the roles assigned to a custom team, the user must become a member of the team. A user may be a part of multiple teams and will inherit all of the roles from the teams they belong to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a user to access the roles assigned to a custom team, the user must become a member of the team. A user may be a part of multiple teams and will inherit all of the roles from the teams they belong to.
```

1. To update a team mapping, first view all of the available groups:  

        curl --request GET \
        --url https://us.api.konghq.com/v2/identity-provider/team-mappings

    The response body will return a paginated object containing information about available groups:

        
            
        "meta": {
            "page": {
                "number": 1,
                "size": 10,
                "total": 1
            }
        },
        "data": [
            {
                "group": "Service Developers",
                "team_ids": [
                    "af91db4c-6e51-403e-a2bf-33d27ae50c0a"
                ]
            }
        ]
        
2. Update the team mappings by issuing a `POST` request containing the `team_ids` in the request body: 

        curl --request PUT \
        --url https://us.api.konghq.com/v2/identity-provider/team-mappings \
        --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
        --data '{
        "mappings": [
            {
            "group": "Service Developers",
            "team_ids": [
                "af91db4c-6e51-403e-a2bf-33d27ae50c0a"
            ]
            }]}

> ## More Information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## More information
```
